Added documentation about docker run (#507)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/docker/index.adoc

In any case, you should restart the container after confirming you have `libseccomp2.4.4` installed.

For more information see: {linux-server-doc-url}[Linux Server Docs]

=== Terminating containers

> If your container is terminating for whatever reason you will not be able to run `docker(-compose) exec` to make investigations inside the container as there will be no running container. Instead you need to use `docker(-compose) run`. It's important that you prefix any command to be run by `/usr/bin/owncloud` otherwise the container will not be initialized correctly. So the whole command will look like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your container is terminating for whatever reason, you will not be able to run `docker(-compose) exec` to make investigations inside the container as there will be no running container. Instead you need to use `docker(-compose) run`. It's important that you prefix any command to be run by `/usr/bin/owncloud`, otherwise the container will not be initialized correctly. See the example command below:
```
